<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230404_10-K_edgar_data_1869824_0001410578-23-000612.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6373231</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>290676</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>996306</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1986846</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1225953</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1736980</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000612.hdr.sgml : 20230404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403174811
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000612
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Seaport Global Acquisition II Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001869824
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				871326052
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41075
		FILM NUMBER:		23794134

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MADISON AVENUE, 20TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-616-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MADISON AVENUE, 20TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000612.txt : 20230404

10-K
 1
 sgii-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbols SGIIU, SGII, and SGIIW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 17, 2021, and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced public trading on December 1, 2021. As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value for the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding, other than the shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Stock Market, was approximately million (based on the closing sales price of the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022 of 9.95). As of April 3, 2023, shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 24 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 27 Item 2. Properties 27 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 27 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 27 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 28 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 28 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 35 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 35 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 35 Item 9A. Controls and Procedure 35 Item 9B. Other Information 37 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 38 Item 11. Executive Compensation 43 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 43 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 46 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 47 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 49 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 49 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise stated in this annual report on Form 10-K, references to: common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein; initial stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees); management or our management team are to our officers and directors; private placement warrants are to the warrants initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market), to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor (or permitted transferees), and to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees), in each case, following the consummation of our initial business combination; SGAM are to Seaport Global Asset Management LLC, an SEC registered investment advisor affiliated with certain of our directors and officers and our sponsor; sponsor are to Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company affiliated with certain of our directors and officers and SGAM; warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; and we, us, company, Company or our company are to Seaport Global Acquisition II Corp. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in light of disruption that may result from limitations imposed by the COVID-19 outbreak; our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business BUSINESS Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this report as our initial business combination. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any stage of its corporate evolution or in any industry or sector, we intend to focus our search on companies undergoing transformational, transitional, or reorganizational TTR business strategies. These companies are often valued at discounts to their peers, resulting from an emergence from a reorganization or distressed situation, a transformational change resulting from a shift in the demand curve, or a transitional pivot resulting from a change in macroeconomic conditions. The onset of COVID-19 globally has widened the lens of market dislocation for these companies, and we believe our team s unique experience will be an attractive business combination partner for potential target companies. In addition, our team was a sponsor of Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., a prior special purpose acquisition company that completed its 144 million IPO in December 2020 and completed its business combination with Redbox Entertainment, Inc. Redbox (Nasdaq: RDBX) a leader in home entertainment, in October 2021. Initial Public Offering On November 19, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering IPO of 14,375,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and one half of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 143,750,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 7,531,250 private placement warrants Private Placement to our sponsor, Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC, at a purchase price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 7,531,250. A total of 145,906,250 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement was placed in a trust account trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbols SGIIU, SGII, and SGIIW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 17, 2021, and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced public trading on December 1, 2021. The Company initially had had until February 19, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders in an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation) to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of the public shares. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 On February 13, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Meeting ). At the Meeting, the following proposals were approved by the stockholders of the Company (collectively, the Proposals ): 1. To amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination for six months, from February 19, 2023 to August 19, 2023, conditioned on the deposit of 200,000 shares of Class B common stock (to be converted into Class A common stock) and 0.02 per share into the Company s Trust account (the Investment Management Trust Agreement governing the operation of the trust account was similarly amended). 2. To amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to provide for the right of a holder of Class B Common Stock of the Company to convert into Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis prior to the closing of a business combination at the election of the holder. 
 In connection with the Meeting, the Company entered into Voting and Non-Redemption Agreements with certain stockholders of the Company holding an aggregate of 3,081,138 in exchange for their agreeing not to redeem shares of the Company s common stock at the Meeting (collectively, the Non-Redemption Agreements ). The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the allocation of up to 770,284 shares of common stock of the Company held by the Sponsor. After the Meeting, an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware (as amended, the A R COI ), extending the Combination Period to August 19, 2023 and allowing holders of shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock to convert into Class A on a one-for-one basis at the election of the holder. In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Proposals, the holders of 10,125,252 public shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their redemption) for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.27 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 103.9 million. On February 14, 2023, the Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC, the Company s sponsor Sponsor contributed to the Company for purposes of making a deposit into the Company s trust account of an aggregate of 200,000 shares of Class B common stock and 84,994.96 (or 0.02 per remaining share) for the benefit of the public shares that were not redeemed by the public shareholders in connection with the Meeting. Following the foregoing contribution, the Sponsor owned 3,393,750 shares of Class B common stock. On February 16, 2023 the Sponsor converted the entirety of such shares into shares of Class A common stock, which represent 44.4 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. Following these redemptions, the Company had 4,249,748 shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption outstanding, and the aggregate amount remaining in the Trust Account at the time was 43,662,709. Management Team and Affiliates Our management team is comprised of industry experts, whom we believe are well-positioned to identify and evaluate businesses undergoing strategic transition and that would benefit from their leadership experience in special situation environments. We believe our management team offers significant expertise in transformational investment transactions with companies undergoing change from various restructuring or reorganizational events. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Stephen C. Smith, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Stephen C. Smith, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, founded Seaport Global Asset Management LLC SGAM ), an SEC registered investment advisor and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Seaport Global Holdings LLC SGH ), in August 2017. He formerly served as the Chairman and CEO of Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., another special purpose acquisition company also sponsored by SGAM that completed its initial business combination with Redbox (NASDAQ: RDBX) in October 2021. Mr. Smith is also SGAM s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of its Investment Committee and oversees all of SGAM s investing and business activities. In April 2001, Mr. Smith co-founded The Seaport Group LLC (currently known as SGH), which is a full-service, mid-sized independent investment bank that offers capital markets advisory, sales, trading and research services. Prior to that, from December 1999 to March 2001, Mr. Smith was a managing director at Amroc Securities, LLC, a financial service firm, where he focused on distressed sales and trading. In June 1991, he co-founded a distressed debt broker-dealer, Libra Investments, Inc., which was acquired by U.S. Bancorp in January 1999. Mr. Smith began his career at Merrill Lynch in 1982 and from 1984 to 1988 he ran the taxable fixed income trading desk for its unit trust department. In addition, Mr. Smith worked as a salesperson at S.N. Phelps Co., a financial management firm, from 1988 to 1989 and Jefferies Company, a financial services company, from 1989 to 1991. Jay Burnham, Chief Financial Officer and Director Jay Burnham, our Chief Financial Officer and a director, is a member of SGAM s Investment Committee, a sub advisor to various SGAM funds and managed accounts, and is the Managing Member of Sunset Way LLC, an asset management company. He was also a director of Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company also sponsored by SGAM that completed its initial business combination with Redbox (NASDAQ: RDBX) in October 2021. Mr. Burnham previously served as a Portfolio Manager and Managing Member of Armory Advisors, LLC, a special situations and distressed debt asset management firm that is affiliated with SGAM. Prior to joining Armory Advisors, LLC, Mr. Burnham was a portfolio manager at Cypress Management, LLC, an investment management firm, from May 2003 to June 2004. From November 2001 to May 2003, Mr. Burnham was an Investment Manager at Rocker Management, LLC, an investment management company, where he was responsible for distressed debt and equity investments in companies in a variety of industries and participated as a major creditor in the restructuring of XM Satellite Radio. From April 1999 to November 2001, he was a founder and an investment manager at Reprise Capital Partners, LLC, a distressed debt investment firm. From March 1996 to March 1999, Mr. Burnham was an Investment Manager at DDJ Capital Management, LLC, an investment management company. From January 1995 to February 1996, he was an investment analyst at Libra Investments, Inc., a distressed debt broker-dealer founded by our Chairman. From June 1990 to November 1994, he was an investment manager at Paul D. Sonz Partners, an investment management company. Mr. Burnham has acted as a director of a number of public and private companies in turnaround situations, including acting as a director of Live Entertainment, Inc. (Nasdaq: LVE), a film distribution company that was acquired by Bain Capital in 1997 and became Artisan Entertainment, Inc., Bally s Grand, Inc. (Nasdaq: BGLV), a gaming and entertainment company that was acquired by Bally s Entertainment Corp., and New Millennium Homes, LLC, a California based homebuilding company. Shelley Greenhaus, Director Shelley Greenhaus, one of our independent directors, is the founder and President of Whippoorwill Associates, Inc., which manages investments in corporate reorganizations, liquidations and other related activities and was founded in December 1990. He was also a director of Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company also sponsored by SGAM that completed its initial business combination with Redbox (NASDAQ: RDBX) in October 2021. Prior to Whippoorwill, from 1983 to 1990, he worked as a portfolio manager at Oppenheimer Co. Inc., a full-service brokerage firm and investment bank, with responsibility for distressed investments. From 1981 to 1983, Mr. Greenhaus became a financial analyst and portfolio manager for the William Rosenwald Family, a family office, where he was primarily involved in analyzing and managing investments involving corporate reorganizations, liquidations and related special situations. He began his business career in 1978, working as a financial analyst at Loeb, Rhoades, Hornblower Co., a brokerage company, where he was primarily involved in analyzing risk arbitrage opportunities and distressed securities. From January 1999 to October 2003, Mr. Greenhaus served on the board of directors of Barneys New York, Inc. (Nasdaq: BNNY), a fashion retailer; from October 1998 to December 2004, he served on the board of director of Marvel Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE: MVL), a content entertainment company; and from November 1996 to December 2004, he served on the board of directors of GWI Holding, Inc. (Garden Way), a privately held power equipment company. In October 2017, he joined the board of directors of Commercial Furniture Group, Inc., a commercial furnishings company. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Jeremy Hedberg, Director Mr. Jeremy Hedberg, one of our independent directors, has worked as a Partner, Co-Chief Investment Officer and Co-Head of Corporate and Traded Credit at V rde Partners, Inc. V rde ), a global alternative investment advisor currently managing 14 billion that has invested over 70 billion since inception. He joined V rde in November 1997 and has managed V rde s liquid investing activities globally and led V rde s significant investments in the residential mortgage sector in the U.S. He has served on a number of boards of portfolio companies owned by the V rde funds. He was also a director of Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company also sponsored by SGAM that completed its initial business combination with Redbox (NASDAQ: RDBX) in October 2021. He has served on many official creditors committees and a number of adhoc committees to restructure companies in bankruptcy, including, but not limited to, Capmark Financial Group, Inc. a commercial finance company, Chiquita Brands International, Inc., a global fruit and food company, and Flag Telecom Holdings Ltd, a provider of international wholesale network services. Prior to joining V rde, Jeremy worked for Goldner Hawn Johnson Morrison, a private equity fund specializing in middle-market leveraged buyouts, from June 1996 to October 1997. He also previously worked for Wessels, Arnold Henderson, a full-service investment bank specializing in high-growth companies, from May 1994 to June 1996. Charles Yamarone, Director Mr. Charles Yamarone, one of our independent directors, has served as the Chief Corporate Governance and Compliance Officer of Houlihan Lokey, Inc. (NYSE: HLI), a global investment bank Houlihan Lokey ), since January 2016, where he advises senior management on all aspects of Houlihan Lokey s corporate governance, compliance, and internal audit, including Houlihan Lokey s initial public offering in August 2015. He was also a director of Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company also sponsored by SGAM that completed its initial business combination with Redbox (NASDAQ: RDBX) in October 2021. From January 2014 to May 2015, he was a Managing Director in Houlihan Lokey s capital markets group, where he had been a senior investment banker since November 2009. Between 1991 and 2009, Mr. Yamarone was a senior officer of Libra Securities, an institutional broker dealer, and he was involved in all areas of Libra Securities business, including capital markets, corporate finance, sales and trading, research, legal, compliance, and operations. From January 1996 to July 2020, Mr. Yamarone was a director of the El Paso Electric Company (NYSE: EE), where he served as chairman of the audit committee, compensation committee and a member of the energy and resource committee. He was the Chairman of the Board of El Paso Electric from February 2015 until July 2020. From October 2010 to June 2016, Mr. Yamarone served as a member of the board of directors, chair of the compensation committee, a member of the executive committee and audit committee of United Continental Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: UAL). From February 1995 to October 2010, Mr. Yamarone served as a member of the board of directors of Continental Airlines, Inc. (NYSE: CAL), where he was chairman of the human resources committee and a member of the corporate governance committee. He previously served as a director of other companies, including Bally s Grand, Inc., (Nasdaq: BGLV), a gaming and entertainment company that was acquired by Bally s Entertainment Corp., LIVE Entertainment, Inc. (Nasdaq: LVE), a film distribution company that was acquired by Bain Capital in 1997 and became Artisan Entertainment, Inc., Merry-Go-Round Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE: MGRE), a national clothing retail chain, and Vagabond Inn Corporation, a hotel chain. Salvatore Bonomo, Chief Operating Officer Salvatore Bonomo, our Chief Operating Officer, has been serving as Director of Operations and Compliance at SGAM since April of 2021. Prior to joining SGAM, he served as a Vice President at HPS Investment Partners, LLC from October 2015 to April 2021, during which time he worked in both the Valuations Group, where he was responsible for maintaining pricing and valuations for all investments across multiple platforms, and within the firm s Operations Group where he assisted in supervising daily and monthly processes. Prior thereto, Mr. Bonomo worked at Armory Advisors, LLC, from March 2011 to October 2015, where he was responsible for numerous middle office functions, including but not limited to, operations, treasury and cash management, corporate actions, financial reporting, valuations, and investor relations. Prior thereto, Mr. Bonomo worked for The Seaport Group, LLC as an operations specialist beginning in 2010. Edward Heim, Secretary Edward Heim, our Secretary, has been serving as Senior Operations Associate at SGAM since July 2019. Prior to joining SGAM, he served as Director of Operations for Armory Advisors, LLC from October 2015 through July 2019, where he was responsible for all firm wide operations, including but not limited to, maintaining investment portfolios, fund reconciliations, profit and loss reporting, overseeing trade settlements, financial reporting, valuations, marketing and investor relations. Prior thereto, Mr. Heim worked for Progressive Credit Union as a commercial loan underwriter beginning in April 2013 and for Astoria Federal Savings and Loan 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Association as a personal banker from May 2011 to March 2013. Mr. Heim has a Bachelor of Science in Business Management from the Peter J. Tobin College of Business at St. John s University. SGAM and SGH We believe our affiliation with SGAM and SGH and the significant financial and operational, restructuring, and transformational investing expertise of our team provide us with important competitive advantages for sourcing, pursuing and evaluating an initial business combination within our target universe. Stephen C. Smith, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, founded SGAM, an SEC registered investment advisor and an alternative investment management firm, in August 2017. SGAM focuses on distressed, special situation and event-driven securities. Its investment objective is to achieve exceptional risk-adjusted capital appreciation through investments in various securities of companies, which are in financial and/or legal distress or have recently emerged from financial reorganizations or lawsuits. At the core of SGAM s strategy is deep-rooted, credit- and equity-based fundamental analysis, leveraging the team s distressed, legal, bankruptcy and financial expertise. SGAM believes that distressed securities can often be purchased at discounts to intrinsic value given the complexities surrounding their restructuring. SGAM complements its liquid investment strategy with illiquid investments where it has taken an active approach to managing such investments often through participation on credit committees, liquidating trusts and board positions. Stephen C. Smith, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, also founded SGH, the parent company of SGAM, in 2001. SGH is a global investment bank that has advised clients for over twenty years on multi- industry distressed asset investing and capital markets advisory, sales, trading and research services. Past performance of our management team, Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., SGAM and SGH is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate, or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical performance record of our management team or SGAM as indicative of our future performance. Business Strategy The impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic accelerated business transformation across sectors and has increased the pace at which management teams must innovate, reinvent, and pivot growth strategies, requiring renewed access to capital markets and operational support. As a result of the shifting business landscape, nearly every industry has had to adjust its operating and financial paradigm to manage day-to-day business operations more effectively and safely. The tectonic shifts in business strategies are creating a need for more efficient access to capital markets to continue to finance capital expenditures and growth initiatives, in addition to a potential need for restructuring and reorganization, and operational partnership. Studies conducted by McKinsey Company show that management teams that adopted transformational strategies earlier and more robustly were the most successful and are more likely than others to report speeding up the time it takes for leaders to receive critical business information and reallocating resources to fund new initiatives. It is those resources, which include capital markets and operational strategy, which we aim to provide to our potential target businesses. We believe our extensive expertise in restructuring and reorganization is a unique asset to a potential business combination target in this environment. Companies seeking to reinvigorate underexploited growth initiatives require continual capital investment, potential balance sheet restructuring, and operational streamlining. Further, companies undergoing a transformational, transitional, or reorganizational strategy often are valued at a discount to their peers. Due to this discount that often exists in the TTR market, we believe a business combination within our target universe can be completed at a discount to its intrinsic value and publicly traded peers. Business Combination Criteria Our business combination criteria will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic sector. However, given the experience of our management team, we intend to focus our search on companies with an enterprise value of approximately 300 million to 1.0 billion. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 We have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are consistent with our acquisition philosophy and our management s experience, and that we believe are important in evaluating prospective business combination opportunities. We intend to use these criteria and guidelines to evaluate business combination opportunities, but we may decide to consummate our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet one or more of these criteria and guidelines. Financial Inflection Point . We expect to seek out companies that either are in the process of restructuring their balance sheets or are just emerging from a balance sheet event. Extenuating Circumstance . We believe there are many companies across industries that were negatively impacted by the onset of COVID-19 pandemic, have restructured their businesses, changed their original business plans, streamlined their operations and are planning for a new phase of high growth. Other factors that may contribute to our potential target companies include previously excessive leverage, challenging industry conditions, material litigation, regulatory shifts, macroeconomic events, performance disruptions, lack of management execution or any combination thereof. Leading Industry Market Position . We intend to pursue companies whose products or services have leading positions within their respective markets with sustainable competitive advantages and natural barriers to market entry. Transformational or Transitional Strategy . We intend to seek out companies that are implementing, or seeking to implement, a transformational business strategy that complements our capital markets and operational expertise. Free Cash Flow . We will seek to acquire a company that has demonstrated or can demonstrate attractive operating margins that result in sustainable free cash flow. Strong Management Team . We expect to seek out a company that has a management team that has a sustainable track record of managerial performance. Favorable Industry Outlook . We will seek out target businesses that are operating in industries benefiting from unique market conditions or experiencing a favorable growth outlook. Our management team has experience investing in and operating companies across multiple industries. Potential Acquisitions . We intend to evaluate companies that could benefit from strategic acquisitions to expand their market vertical. Benefit from Being a Public Company . We intend to acquire a business that can benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize broader access to capital. 
 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we find an opportunity that has characteristics more compelling to us than the characteristics described above, we would pursue such opportunity. Competitive Strengths We intend to leverage the following sources of competitive strength in seeking to achieve our business strategy: The distressed investing expertise of our management team, who have collectively participated in transactions with more than 100 billion of enterprise value. Transaction expertise within our target enterprise value range. Transaction expertise specific to special purpose acquisition companies. Deep industry relationships that provide a substantial pipeline of acquisition opportunities, either proprietary or through affiliates. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 The expertise of our management and board of directors as fiduciaries and directors of both asset managers investing in distressed securities and the companies in which they are invested. Experience structuring complex capital markets transactions involving both private and public companies. 
 Our management team and professionals at SGAM have extensive experience in identifying, investing in and partnering with operating companies that have undergone a transformational or reorganizational business process. Over the past 20 years, since co-founding SGAM and its affiliates, Stephen C. Smith, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, has been evaluating and investing in companies during the entirety of the re-organization process, including Chapter 11 bankruptcies with notable expertise investing in post- reorganization companies. As a result, we expect to benefit from the expertise and extensive network of contacts of both our management team and that of SGAM. The principals of SGAM and our management team have a significant number of relationships across the restructuring industry, which includes operating executives, industry experts, investment bankers, lawyers, consultants and advisors. We believe these relationships will provide us with acquisition opportunities across a variety of industries. Our board of directors has significant leadership experience in driving growth and creating value in post-reorganization companies, both public and private, ultimately leading to successful sales of such enterprises. We believe this collective experience and success notably within the post-reorganization market will provide us an advantage with potential business combination targets both pre-and post-transaction. Our Acquisition, Investment and Post-Closing Process In evaluating prospective business combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things: an analysis of overall industry and competitive conditions, a review of historical financial and operating data, meetings with incumbent management and employees and interaction with third-parties who are industry experts of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We will also utilize the expertise of our management team and our sponsor s and its affiliates resources in analyzing and evaluating operating plans, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business as well as the suitability of the target to become a public company. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates, subject to certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders fairness opinions that our initial business combination is fair to us from a financial point of view. Initial Business Combination Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 of fair market value test. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80 of fair market value test, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. We may, at our option, pursue a business combination opportunity jointly with one or more entities affiliated with SGAM and/or one or more investors in funds or separate accounts managed by SGAM, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any such parties would co-invest only if (i) permitted by applicable regulatory and other legal limitations; (ii) we and SGAM considered a 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 transaction to be mutually beneficial to us as well as the affiliated entity; and (iii) other business reasons exist to do so, such as the strategic merits of including such co-investors, the need for additional capital beyond the amount held in our trust account to fund the initial business combination and/or the desire to obtain committed capital for closing the initial business combination. An Affiliated Joint Acquisition may be effected through a co-investment with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We refer to this potential future issuance, or a similar issuance to other specified purchasers, as a specified future issuance throughout this report. The amount and other terms and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B common stock, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding after completion of the IPO plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then- outstanding shares of Class B common stock agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock; or (iv) as part of the Affiliated Joint Acquisition. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post- transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business for the post-acquisition company to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target or assets sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post- transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for the purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. The remaining net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement warrants released to us from the trust account upon the closing of our initial business combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemption of our public shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. In addition, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination to be used following the closing for general corporate purposes as described above. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity- linked securities, including any specified future issuance, or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of the IPO. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 None of our initial stockholders, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, following the IPO and prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we are prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 21 months from the closing of the IPO or (y) amend the foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) we offer our public stockholders the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Our Business Combination Process Members of our management team may directly or indirectly own our founders shares, common stock and/or private placement warrants following the IPO, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination, as we believe any such opportunities presented would be smaller than what we are interested in, in different fields than what we would be interested in, or that our obligations are to entities that are not themselves in the business of engaging in business combinations. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our officers and directors may become an officer or director of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities intended to be registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), even before we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 250 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) our annual revenues exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th . Financial Position With funds available for an initial business combination in the amount of 142,608,316, as of December 31, 2022 (and 38,631,459 after redemption of our Class A common stock on February 13, 2023) after payment of up to 5,031,250 of deferred underwriting fees before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the Private Placement, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the remaining net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. Sources of Target Businesses Target businesses are brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective industry and business contacts as well as their affiliates. While we have not engaged the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Although none of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination, we do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act . Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs presently or later incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Whether Stockholder Approval is Type of Transaction Required Purchase of assets No Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company No Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company No Merger of the company with a target Yes Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account as of December 31, 2022 was 147.6 or 10.27 per public share. This per share amount, which we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares, does not include any deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter, or any tax obligations of the Company. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer, in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, of will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, we will not redeem any public shares unless our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriter s fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we may not redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriter s fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 20 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the meeting held to approve a proposed initial business combination by a date set forth in the proxy materials mailed to such holders or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our proxy materials until the date set forth in such proxy materials to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target by August 19, 2023. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our A R COI provides that we will have until August 19, 2023 to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by August 19, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There are no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 15-month time period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination prior to August 19, 2023. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquired public shares in or after our initial public offering, they are entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination prior to August 19, 2023 or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriter s fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. We expect to use the amounts held outside the trust account (approximately 0.3 million as of December 31, 2022) to pay for all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, if we do not complete an initial business combination prior to August 19, 2023, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the remaining net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account (and any tax payments or expenses for the dissolution of the trust used from interest, if any), the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.15. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.15. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the IPO will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.15 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.15 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.15 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We may have access to use the amounts held outside the trust account (approximately 0.3 million as of December 31, 2022) to pay any such potential claims, but these amounts may be spent on expenses incurred as a result of being a public company or due diligence expenses on prospective business combination candidates. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by August 19, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by August 19, 2023, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by August 19, 2023 we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 15 th month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.15 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to offer redemption rights in connection with any proposed initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination prior to August 19, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination prior to August 19, 2023, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Facilities Our executive offices are located at 360 Madison Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, NY 10017 and our telephone number is (212) 616-7700. Our executive offices are provided to us by our sponsor. We pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have four officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We will register our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. Item 1A. Risk Factors [changed] Artificial Intelligence poses a threat to our company. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this annual report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: we are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective; our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination; your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash; if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote; 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 the ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target the ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure; the requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders; our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets; if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities; if a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed; you will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions; you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies; because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.15 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless; if the remaining net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until August 19, 2023, it could limit the amount of cash available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our initial stockholders or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination; we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view; we may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by August 19, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate; we may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our initial stockholders, executive officers, directors or initial stockholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest; since our initial stockholders, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 our initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support; our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs; our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests; past performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company; and unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 
 Additional Risk Factors We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our management will likewise be required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In connection with the preparation of the financial statements included previously in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q management identified a material weakness in our policies and procedures regarding financial period closure and financial statement preparation, in that such policies and procedures were not sufficiently documented and formalized to ensure that financial information and financial statements could be prepared accurately, efficiently and timely in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the SEC s reporting requirements. In light of the identified material weakness, we have begun to enhance our processes, policies and procedures regarding financial period closure and financial statement preparation to ensure that they are sufficiently documented and formalized. In connection therewith, we have further formalized our processes and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Any failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our shares or our ability to complete a business combination. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls, and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 The Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act may decrease the value of our securities, hinder our ability to consummate an initial business combination, and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution in connection with a liquidation. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ), which, among other things, imposes a 1 Excise Tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by a domestic corporation beginning in 2023, with certain exceptions. Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities trade on the Nasdaq Stock Market, we are a covered corporation within the meaning of the Inflation Reduction Act. While not free from doubt, it is possible that the Excise Tax will apply to any redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with an initial business combination and any amendment to our certificate of incorporation to extend the time to consummate an initial business combination, unless an exemption is available. Issuances of securities in connection with an initial business combination transaction (including any PIPE transaction at the time of an initial business combination) are expected to reduce the amount of the Excise Tax in connection with redemptions occurring in the same taxable year (generally by the value of the securities issued), but the value of the securities redeemed may exceed the value of the securities issued. Consequently, the value of your investment in our securities may decrease as a result of the Excise Tax. In addition, the Excise Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets, and thus potentially hinder our ability to enter into and consummate an initial business combination, particularly an initial business combination in which substantial PIPE issuances are not contemplated. Further, the application of the Excise Tax in the event of a liquidation is uncertain absent further guidance. Except for franchise and income taxes, the proceeds placed in the trust account in connection with the Company s initial public offering and any extension payments, as well as any interest earned thereon, shall not be used to pay for potential excise taxes or any other fees or taxes that may be levied on the Company pursuant to any current, pending or future rules or laws, including without limitation any excise tax due under the IRA on any redemptions or stock buybacks by the Company. For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our prospectus dated November 17, 2021. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our executive office is located at 360 Madison Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, NY 10017. Such facility is provided by our sponsor for a monthly charge of 10,000. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) Market Information Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbols SGIIU, SGII, and SGIIW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 17, 2021, and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced public trading on December 1, 2021. (b) Holders On December 31, 2022, there were 1 holder of record of our units, 1 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 2 holders of record of our warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time. In addition, our Board of Directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. None. (e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. (f) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. (g) Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering In connection with the IPO, we incurred offering costs of approximately 8.6 million (including deferred underwriting commissions of approximately 5 million). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the IPO. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial business combination, if consummated) and the initial public offering expenses, 145,906,250 of the net proceeds from our IPO and from the Private Placement was placed in the trust account. There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the IPO and Private Placement as is described in the company s final prospectus related to the IPO. Item 6. Reserved 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Finanacial Condition and Results of Operations References to we, us, our or the Company are to Seaport Global Acquisition II Corp., except where the context requires otherwise. References to our management or our management team are to our officers and directors, and references to the sponsor are to Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the Private Placement, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. The issuance of additional shares in connection with an initial business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or warrants. 
 Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. On November 19, 2021, we completed our initial public offering of 14,375,000 units, including 1,875,000 units that were issued pursuant to the underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 145,906,250. We incurred offering costs of approximately 8.6 million, inclusive of approximately 5.0 million in deferred underwriting commissions. On November 19, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we completed the private sale of 7,531,250 private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds to us of 7.5 million. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, an aggregate of 145.9 million of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the private placement was deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders . The Company initially had until February 19, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders in an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation) to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of the public shares. On February 13, 2023, the Company held the Meeting. At the Meeting, the Proposals were approved by the stockholders of the Company: 1. To amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination for six months, from February 19, 2023 to August 19, 2023, conditioned on the deposit of 200,000 shares of Class B common stock (to be converted into Class A common stock) and 0.02 per share into the Company s Trust account (the Investment Management Trust Agreement governing the operation of the trust account was similarly amended). 2. To amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to provide for the right of a holder of Class B Common Stock of the Company to convert into Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis prior to the closing of a business combination at the election of the holder. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 In connection with the Meeting, the Company entered into the Non-Redemption Agreements with certain stockholders of the Company holding an aggregate of 3,081,138 to in exchange for their agreeing not to redeem shares of the Company s common stock at the Meeting. The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the allocation of up to 770,284 shares of common stock of the Company held by the Sponsor. After the Meeting, an amendment to the Company s A R COI was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware extending the Combination Period to August 19, 2023 and allowing holders of shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock to convert into Class A on a one-for-one basis at the election of the holder. In connection with the vote to approve the Proposals, the holders of 10,125,252 public shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their redemption) for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.27 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 104 million. On February 14, 2023, the Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC, the Sponsor contributed to the Company for purposes of making a deposit into the Company s trust account of an aggregate of 200,000 shares of Class B common stock and 84,994.96 (or 0.02 per remaining share) for the benefit of the public shares that were not redeemed by the public shareholders in connection with the Meeting. Following the foregoing contribution, the Sponsor owned 3,393,750 shares of Class B common stock. On February 16, 2023, the Sponsor converted the entirety of such shares into shares of Class A common stock, which represent 44.4 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. Following these redemptions, the Company had 4,249,748 shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption outstanding, and the aggregate amount remaining in the Trust Account at the time was 43,662,709. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) 10.15 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.15 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, except as to any claims by a third party who executed an agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Trends We have neither engaged in any significant operations nor generated any operating revenue to date. Our only activities from inception related to our formation and our IPO, and since the closing of our initial public offering, the search for a prospective initial business combination. Although we have not generated operating revenue, we have generated non-operating income in the form of investment income from investments held in the trust account. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company, as well as costs in the pursuit of an initial business combination. We classify the warrants issued in connection with our Initial Public Offering as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrant instrument to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. For the period from June 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 3,967,305, which consisted of 6,972 in investment income and 4,517,137 change in fair value of the warranrs, offset by warrant issuance costs of 378,462, 152,780 in general and administrative expenses and 25,561 in franchise tax obligations. From January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, we had net income of 6,761,782, which consisted of 2,141,149 in investment income and 7,266,798 change in fair value of the warrants, offset by 2,043,627 in general and administrative expenses and 200,200 in franchise tax obligations. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 0.3 million in its operating bank accounts and a working capital deficit of approximately (0.5) million. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The possibility exists that within the coming 12 months the Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants identical to the Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no loans had been extended to the Company. On February 16, 2023, the Sponsor entered into a promissory note in the amount of 1,500,000, of which 400,000 was extended to the Company. There is no guaranty the Company may be able to obtain additional financing if and when needed. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through one year and one day from the date of issuance of these financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Going Concern In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution, should we be unable to complete a business combination, raises substantial doubt about the our ability to continue as a going concern. We have until the end of the Combination Period to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the end of the Combination Period. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to complete a Business Combination or our inability to continue as a going concern. Related Party Transactions Founder Shares In June 2021, our sponsor purchased 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. Subsequently, in August 2021, our sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 718,750 shares for no consideration, thereby resulting in 3,593,750 remaining founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our Sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares issued was determined 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the IPO. As such, our initial stockholders collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares. In February 2023, our Sponsor contributed 200,000 founder shares and 84,994.96 (or 0.02 per remaining share) to Company s trust account in connection with the Meeting. Also in February 2023, the Sponsor converted its remaining 3,393,750 founder shares to shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to the same restrictions as the founder shares. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering, we completed the private placement of warrants to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,531,250. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from our initial public offering held in the trust account. If our initial business combination is not completed by the end of the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our sponsor agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Promissory Note Related Party In June 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 400,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The non-interest bearing Note was repaid upon completion of the IPO on November 19, 2021. In February 2023, the Sponsor entered into a promissory note in the amount of 1,500,000, of which 400,000 was extended to the Company. Administrative Support Agreement We agreed to pay 10,000 a month for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative support to our sponsor. Services commenced on the date the securities were first listed on the Nasdaq and will terminate upon the earlier of our initial business combination or our liquidation. We incurred approximately 120,000 for expenses in connection with such services for the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, which is reflected in the accompanying statement of operations. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from these estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Investments Held in Trust Account Our portfolio of investments held in trust account are comprised mainly of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in investment income from investments held in trust account in our statement of operations. The fair value for trading securities is determined using quoted market prices in active markets. Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders deficit. The Company s common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheet. Warrant Liability The Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own common shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be treated as liabilities, and recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ASU 2019-12 ), which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its financial statements and related disclosures. We do not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K, as of December 31, 2019. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following November 26, 2024, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Through December 31, 2022, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, activities relating to our initial public offering and since the initial public offering, and the search for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination. We have engaged in limited operations and have not generated any revenues. We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception on June 21, 2021. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. The remaining net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Reference is made to pages F-1 through F-15 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Material Weakness Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this Quarterly Report our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting related to analyzing complex financial instruments and accruals. Remedial Actions In light of the identified material weakness, we have begun to enhance our processes, policies and procedures regarding financial period closure and financial statement preparation to ensure that they are sufficiently documented and formalized. In connection therewith, we have further formalized our processes and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements in our financial statements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on the assessment, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, was not effective. Management identified a material weakness in our policies and procedures regarding financial period closure and financial statement preparation, in that such policies and procedures were not sufficiently documented and formalized to ensure that financial information and financial statements could be prepared accurately, efficiently and timely in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the SEC s reporting requirements. In light of the identified material weakness, we have begun to enhance our processes, policies and procedures regarding financial period closure and financial statement preparation to ensure that they are sufficiently documented and formalized. In connection therewith, we have further formalized our processes and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 with whom we consult. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Item 9B. Other Information None. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers Our executive officers and directors are as follows: 

Name Age Position Stephen C. Smith 62 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Jay Burnham 59 Chief Financial Officer Shelley Greenhaus 69 Director Jeremy Hedberg 50 Director Charles Yamarone 63 Director Salvatore Bonomo 35 Chief Operating Officer Edward Heim 36 Secretary Stephen C. Smith, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Stephen C. Smith, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, founded Seaport Global Asset Management LLC SGAM ), an SEC registered investment advisor and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Seaport Global Holdings LLC SGH ), in August 2017. He formerly served as the Chairman and CEO of Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., another special purpose acquisition company also sponsored by SGAM that completed its initial business combination with Redbox in October 2021. Mr. Smith is also SGAM s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of its Investment Committee and oversees all of SGAM s investing and business activities. In April 2001, Mr. Smith co-founded The Seaport Group LLC (currently known as SGH), which is a full-service, mid-sized independent investment bank that offers capital markets advisory, sales, trading and research services. Prior to that, from December 1999 to March 2001, Mr. Smith was a managing director at Amroc Securities, LLC, a financial service firm, where he focused on distressed sales and trading. In June 1991, he co-founded a distressed debt broker-dealer, Libra Investments, Inc., which was acquired by U.S. Bancorp in January 1999. Mr. Smith began his career at Merrill Lynch in 1982 and from 1984 to 1988 he ran the taxable fixed income trading desk for its unit trust department. In addition, Mr. Smith worked as a salesperson at S.N. Phelps Co., a financial management firm, from 1988 to 1989 and Jefferies Company, a financial services company, from 1989 to 1991. Jay Burnham, Chief Financial Officer Jay Burnham, our Chief Financial Officer and a director, is a member of SGAM s Investment Committee, a sub advisor to various SGAM funds and managed accounts, and is the Managing Member of Sunset Way LLC, an asset management company. He was also a director of Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company also sponsored by SGAM that completed its initial business combination with Redbox (NASDAQ: RDBX) in October 2021. Mr. Burnham previously served as a Portfolio Manager and Managing Member of Armory Advisors, LLC, a special situations and distressed debt asset management firm that is affiliated with SGAM. Prior to joining Armory Advisors, LLC, Mr. Burnham was a portfolio manager at Cypress Management, LLC, an investment management firm, from May 2003 to June 2004. From November 2001 to May 2003, Mr. Burnham was an Investment Manager at Rocker Management, LLC, an investment management company, where he was responsible for distressed debt and equity investments in companies in a variety of industries and participated as a major creditor in the restructuring of XM Satellite Radio. From April 1999 to November 2001, he was a founder and an investment manager at Reprise Capital Partners, LLC, a distressed debt investment firm. From March 1996 to March 1999, Mr. Burnham was an Investment Manager at DDJ Capital Management, LLC, an investment management company. From January 1995 to February 1996, he was an investment analyst at Libra Investments, Inc., a distressed debt broker-dealer founded by our Chairman. From June 1990 to November 1994, he was an investment manager at Paul D. Sonz Partners, an investment management company. Mr. Burnham has acted as a director of a number of public and private companies in turnaround situations, including acting as a director of Live Entertainment, Inc. (Nasdaq: LVE), a film distribution company that was acquired by Bain Capital in 1997 and became Artisan Entertainment, Inc., Bally s Grand, Inc. (Nasdaq: BGLV), a gaming and entertainment company that was acquired by Bally s Entertainment Corp., and New Millennium Homes, LLC, a California based homebuilding company. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Shelley Greenhaus, Director Shelley Greenhaus, one of our independent directors, is the founder and President of Whippoorwill Associates, Inc., which manages investments in corporate reorganizations, liquidations and other related activities and was founded in December 1990. He was also a director of Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company also sponsored by SGAM that completed its initial business combination with Redbox (NASDAQ: RDBX) in October 2021. Prior to Whippoorwill, from 1983 to 1990, he worked as a portfolio manager at Oppenheimer Co. Inc., a full-service brokerage firm and investment bank, with responsibility for distressed investments. From 1981 to 1983, Mr. Greenhaus became a financial analyst and portfolio manager for the William Rosenwald Family, a family office, where he was primarily involved in analyzing and managing investments involving corporate reorganizations, liquidations and related special situations. He began his business career in 1978, working as a financial analyst at Loeb, Rhoades, Hornblower Co., a brokerage company, where he was primarily involved in analyzing risk arbitrage opportunities and distressed securities. From January 1999 to October 2003, Mr. Greenhaus served on the board of directors of Barneys New York, Inc. (Nasdaq: BNNY), a fashion retailer; from October 1998 to December 2004, he served on the board of director of Marvel Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE: MVL), a content entertainment company; and from November 1996 to December 2004, he served on the board of directors of GWI Holding, Inc. (Garden Way), a privately held power equipment company. In October 2017, he joined the board of directors of Commercial Furniture Group, Inc., a commercial furnishings company. Jeremy Hedberg, Director Mr. Jeremy Hedberg, one of our independent directors, has worked as a Partner, Co-Chief Investment Officer and Co-Head of Corporate and Traded Credit at V rde Partners, Inc. V rde ), a global alternative investment advisor currently managing 14 billion that has invested over 70 billion since inception. He joined V rde in November 1997 and has managed V rde s liquid investing activities globally and led V rde s significant investments in the residential mortgage sector in the U.S. He has served on a number of boards of portfolio companies owned by the V rde funds. He was also a director of Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company also sponsored by SGAM that completed its initial business combination with Redbox (NASDAQ: RDBX) in October 2021. He has served on many official creditors committees and a number of adhoc committees to restructure companies in bankruptcy, including, but not limited to, Capmark Financial Group, Inc. a commercial finance company, Chiquita Brands International, Inc., a global fruit and food company, and Flag Telecom Holdings Ltd, a provider of international wholesale network services. Prior to joining V rde, Jeremy worked for Goldner Hawn Johnson Morrison, a private equity fund specializing in middle-market leveraged buyouts, from June 1996 to October 1997. He also previously worked for Wessels, Arnold Henderson, a full-service investment bank specializing in high-growth companies, from May 1994 to June 1996. Charles Yamarone, Director Mr. Charles Yamarone, one of our independent directors, has served as the Chief Corporate Governance and Compliance Officer of Houlihan Lokey, Inc. (NYSE: HLI), a global investment bank Houlihan Lokey ), since January 2016, where he advises senior management on all aspects of Houlihan Lokey s corporate governance, compliance and internal audit, including Houlihan Lokey s initial public offering in August 2015. He was also a director of Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company also sponsored by SGAM that completed its initial business combination with Redbox (NASDAQ: RDBX) in October 2021. From January 2014 to May 2015, he was a Managing Director in Houlihan Lokey s capital markets group, where he had been a senior investment banker since November 2009. Between 1991 and 2009, Mr. Yamarone was a senior officer of Libra Securities, an institutional broker dealer, and he was involved in all areas of Libra Securities business, including capital markets, corporate finance, sales and trading, research, legal, compliance, and operations. From January 1996 to July 2020, Mr. Yamarone was a director of the El Paso Electric Company (NYSE: EE), where he served as chairman of the audit committee, compensation committee and a member of the energy and resource committee. He was the Chairman of the Board of El Paso Electric from February 2015 until July 2020. From October 2010 to June 2016, Mr. Yamarone served as a member of the board of directors, chair of the compensation committee, a member of the executive committee and audit committee of United Continental Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: UAL). From February 1995 to October 2010, Mr. Yamarone served as a member of the board of directors of Continental Airlines, Inc. (NYSE: CAL), where he was chairman of the human resources committee and a member of the corporate governance committee. He previously served as a director of other companies, including Bally s Grand, Inc., (Nasdaq: BGLV), a gaming and entertainment company that was acquired by Bally s Entertainment Corp., LIVE Entertainment, Inc. (Nasdaq: LVE), a film distribution company that was acquired by Bain Capital in 1997 and became Artisan Entertainment, Inc., Merry-Go-Round Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE: MGRE), a national clothing retail chain, and Vagabond Inn Corporation, a hotel chain. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Salvatore Bonomo, Chief Operating Officer Salvatore Bonomo, our Chief Operating Officer, has been serving as Director of Operations and Compliance at SGAM since April of 2021. Prior to joining SGAM, he served as a Vice President at HPS Investment Partners, LLC from October 2015 to April 2021, during which time he worked in both the Valuations Group, where he was responsible for maintaining pricing and valuations for all investments across multiple platforms, and within the firm s Operations Group where he assisted in supervising daily and monthly processes. Prior thereto, Mr. Bonomo worked at Armory Advisors, LLC, from March 2011 to October 2015, where he was responsible for numerous middle office functions, including but not limited to, operations, treasury and cash management, corporate actions, financial reporting, valuations and investor relations. Prior thereto, Mr. Bonomo worked for The Seaport Group, LLC as an operations specialist beginning in 2010. Edward Heim, Secretary Edward Heim, our Secretary, has been serving as Senior Operations Associate at SGAM since July 2019. Prior to joining SGAM, he served as Director of Operations for Armory Advisors, LLC from October 2015 through July 2019, where he was responsible for all firm wide operations, including but not limited to, maintaining investment portfolios, fund reconciliations, profit and loss reporting, overseeing trade settlements, financial reporting, valuations, marketing and investor relations. Prior thereto, Mr. Heim worked for Progressive Credit Union as a commercial loan underwriter beginning in April 2013 and for Astoria Federal Savings and Loan Association as a personal banker from May 2011 to March 2013. Mr. Heim has a Bachelor of Science in Business Management from the Peter J. Tobin College of Business at St. John s University. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We have 5 directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Yamarone, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Greenhaus and Hedberg, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Smith and Burnham, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Greenhaus, Hedberg and Yamarone serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Yamarone chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Greenhaus, Hedberg and Yamarone meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Yamarone qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Greenhaus and Yamarone serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Greenhaus and Yamarone are independent and Mr. Greenhaus chairs the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 15 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Greenhaus, Hedberg and Yamarone. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us and is posted on our website. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis None of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement or consulting fee, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based upon its review and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2022, based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. In June 2021, our sponsor purchased 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. Subsequently, in August 2021, our sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 718,750 shares for no consideration, thereby resulting in 3,593,750 remaining founder shares. On February 14, 2023, the Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC, the Sponsor contributed to the Company for purposes of making a deposit into the Company s trust account of an aggregate of 200,000 shares of Class B common stock and 84,994.96 (or 0.02 per remaining share) for the benefit of the public shares that were not redeemed by the public shareholders in connection with the Meeting. Following the foregoing contribution, the Sponsor owned 3,393,750 shares of Class B common stock. On February 16, 2023, the Sponsor converted the entirety of such shares into shares of Class A common stock, which represent 44.4 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. The following table presents the number of shares and percentage of our common stock owned as of March 31, 2023 by (i) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each of our officers and directors, and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of March 31, 2023, there were 7,843,498 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 7,643,498 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) 200,000 shares of our Class B common stock (all of which are held in the Company s trust account), issued and outstanding. 

SGII Class A Common Common Stock Stock Number of Shares Beneficially of Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned Class Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC (3) 3,393,750 44.4 43.2 Stephen C. Smith (3) 3,393,750 44.4 43.2 Jay Burnham (4) Shelley Greenhaus (4) Jeremy Hedberg (4) Charles Yamarone (4) Salvatore Bonomo (4) Edward Heim (4) All executive officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 3,393,750 43.2 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (5) 1,431,539 (12) N/A N/A Barclays PLC (6) 1,095,131 (12) N/A N/A Adage Capital Partners, L.P. (7) 1,000,000 (12) N/A N/A Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (8) 927,514 (12) N/A N/A First Trust Capital Management L.P. (9) 884,177 (12) N/A N/A Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (10) 746,017 (12) N/A N/A Shaolin Capital Management LLC (11) 898,630 (12) N/A N/A less than 1 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., 360 Madison Avenue, 23 rd Floor, New York, NY 10017. (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. (3) Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Seaport Global Asset Management, LLC is the managing member of our sponsor and Stephen Smith, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the Chief Executive Officer of Seaport Global Asset Management, LLC. By virtue of these relationships, Mr. Smith may be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. Mr. Smith disclaims any such beneficial ownership except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 (4) Each of these individuals holds a direct or indirect interest in our sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. (5) According to Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP ), and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein (together, the Reporting Persons ). The Reporting Persons have entered into a Joint Filing agreement, dated November 26, 2021, pursuant to which the Reporting Persons have agreed to file this statement and any subsequent amendments hereto jointly in accordance with the provision of Rule 13d-1(k)(1) under the Act. The address of the principal business office of the Reporting Persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. (6) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023 by Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC (together the Reporting Persons ). The Reporting Persons have entered into a Joint Filing Agreement, dated January 10, 2023, pursuant to which the Reporting Persons have agreed to file this statement and any subsequent amendments hereto to jointly in accordance with the provisions of Rule 13d-1(k)(1) under the Act. The address of the principal business office of the Reporting Persons is 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, England. (7) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021 by Adage Capital Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ACP with respect to the Class A Common Stock directly owned by it; Adage Capital Partners GP, L.L.C., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware ACPGP ), as general partner of ACP with respect to the Class A Common Stock directly owned by ACP; Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware ACA ), as managing member of ACPGP, general partner of ACP, with respect to the Class A Common Stock directly owned by ACP; Robert Atchinson Mr. Atchinson ), as managing member of ACA, managing member of ACPGP, general partner of ACP with respect to the Class A Common Stock directly owned by ACP; and Phillip Gross Mr. Gross ), as managing member of ACA, managing member of ACPGP, general partner of ACP with respect to the Class A Common Stock directly owned by ACP. The foregoing persons are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the Reporting Persons. The address of the business office of each of the Reporting Persons is 200 Clarendon Street, 52nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. ACP has the power to dispose of and the power to vote the Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by it, which power may be exercised by its general partner, ACPGP. ACA, as managing member of ACPGP, directs ACPGP s operations. Messrs. Atchinson and Gross, as managing members of ACA, have shared power to vote the Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by ACP. (8) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023 by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc.(the Reporting Person ). The Reporting Person is an investment fund manager, portfolio manager, exempt market dealer and commodity trading manager registered with the Ontario Securities Commission. The address of the principal business office of the Reporting Person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. (9) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund VARBX ), First Trust Capital Management L.P. FTCM ), First Trust Capital Solutions L.P. FTCS ), and FTCS Sub GP LLC Sub GP ),(together the Reporting Persons ). The Reporting Persons have entered into a Joint Filing Agreement, dated February 14, 2023, pursuant to which the Reporting Persons have agreed to file this statement and any subsequent amendments hereto jointly in accordance with the provision of Rule 13d-1(k)(1) under the Act. The principal business address of FTCM, FTCS and Sub GP is 225 W. Wacker Drive, 21st Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. The principal business address of VARBX is 235 West Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212. (10) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 2, 2023 by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (the Reporting Person ), a Delaware limited liability company and the investment adviser to certain funds and accounts (the Highbridge Funds with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock directly held by the Highbridge Funds. The address of the principal business office of the Reporting Person is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. (11) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023 by Shaolin Capital Management LLC (the Reporting Person ), a company incorporated under the laws of State of Delaware, which serves as the investment advisor to Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd. a Cayman Islands exempted company; MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC, and DS Liquid DIV RVA SCM LLC being managed accounts advised by the Reporting Person. The address of the business office of the Reporting Person is 7610 NE 4th Court, Suite 104 Miami FL 33138. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 (12) The information contained in the Schedule 13Gs and 13G/As regarding number and percentage of shares owned are as of December 31, 2022. On February 14, 2023, in connection with the Meeting, the holders of 10,125,252 public shares of common stock of the Company exercised their right to redeem their shares. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table None Changes in Control None. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence In June 2021, our sponsor purchased 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. Subsequently, in August 2021, our sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 718,750 shares for no consideration, thereby resulting in 3,593,750 remaining founder shares, including up to 468,750 shares subject to forfeiture if the underwriter did not fully exercise its over-allotment option. As a result of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its over-allotment option, 468,750 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. As of December 31, 2022, there are 17,968,750 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 14,375,000 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) 3,593,750 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding. Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,531,250 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Other than the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. Related Party Policy Our audit committee must review and approve any related person transaction we propose to enter into. Our audit committee charter details the policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest and may raise questions as to whether such transactions are consistent with the best interest of our company and our stockholders. A summary of such policies and procedures is set forth below. Any potential related party transaction that is brought to the audit committee s attention will be analyzed by the audit committee, in consultation with outside counsel or members of management, as appropriate, to determine whether the transaction or relationship does, in fact, constitute a related party transaction. At its meetings, the audit committee will be provided with the details of each new, existing or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, the business purpose of the transaction and the benefits to us and to the relevant related party. In determining whether to approve a related party transaction, the audit committee must consider, among other factors, the following factors to the extent relevant: whether the terms of the transaction are fair to us and on the same basis as would apply if the transaction did not involve a related party; whether there are business reasons for us to enter into the transaction; whether the transaction would impair the independence of an outside director; and whether the transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any director or executive officer. 
 Any member of the audit committee who has an interest in the transaction under discussion must abstain from any voting regarding the transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the audit committee, participate in some or all of the audit committee s discussions of the transaction. Upon completion of its review of the transaction, the audit committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the transaction. Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid Marcum approximately 139,000 for services it performed in connection with our annual audit and quarterly reviews. During the period from June 21, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, we paid Marcum approximately 41,200 for the services it performed in connection with our initial public offering. Audit-Related Fees. During the period year ended December 31, 2022, and during the period from June 21, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, Marcum did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements. Tax Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid Marcum approximately 11,640 for services to us for tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning. During the period from June 21, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2022, Marcum did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning. All Other Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022, and during the period from June 21, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by Marcum other than those set forth above. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 SEAPORT GLOBAL ACQUISITION II CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Audited Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-2 Statements of Operations for year ended December 31, 2022 and June 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-3 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and June 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and June 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 (2) Financial Statements Schedule 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in this Item 15 of Part IV below. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Seaport Global Acquisition II Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Seaport Global Acquisition II Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. April 3, 2023 PCAOB Firm ID No. 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 SEAPORT GLOBAL ACQUISITION II CORP. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET S 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Income tax receivable Total current assets Prepaid expenses Cash and securities held in Trust Account Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Franchise tax payable Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Deferred underwriting fee payable Warrant liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares issued and outstanding at redemption value Stockholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class B common stock, par value; stock authorized; shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 SEAPORT GLOBAL ACQUISITION II CORP. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period From June 21, 2021 For the Year Ended (inception) through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 General and administrative expense Franchise tax expense Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account Warrant issuance costs ) Change in fair value of warrant liability Total other income Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income allocable to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption Weighted average redeemable Class A common stock, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income per redeemable Class A common stock Net income allocable to non-redeemable Class B common stock Weighted average non-redeemable Class B common stock, basic and diluted Net income per non-redeemable Class B common share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 SEAPORT GLOBAL ACQUISITION II CORP. STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Class A Common stock Class B Additional Total (subject to possible redemption) Common stock Paid-in Retained Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Earnings Deficit Balance as of June 21, 2021 (inception) Issuance of Class B common stock to initial Stockholders Forfeiture of Class B shares ) ) Sale of Units Conversion of APIC to accumulated deficit ) Other offering costs ) ) Deferred underwriter discount ) ) Warrant liability ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 SEAPORT GLOBAL ACQUISITION II CORP. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

From June 21, 2021 For the Period (Inception) to the Ended period ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) Transaction costs associated with Initial Public Offering Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Franchise tax payable Income tax receivable ) Deferred tax liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Investments held in Trust ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from Trust Account Proceeds from sale of units, net of offering costs Proceeds from issuance of private placement warrants Proceeds from initial sale of Class B common stock to initial stockholders Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash ) Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of the period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Deferred underwriting fee payable Initial measurement of Class A common stock subject to redemption Remeasurement adjustment on redeemable common stock Initial measurement of public and private warrants The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 SEAPORT GLOBAL ACQUISITION II CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity for the period January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation, initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering ), which is described below, and the Company s search for a Target for its Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on November 17, 2021. On November 19, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of the overallotment option to purchase an additional Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC (the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on November 19, 2021 an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds investing solely in United States government treasury obligations and meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act (or any successor rule), until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the remaining net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the remaining net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company may seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 7). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. If a stockholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. The Company s Sponsor has agreed (a) to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the Company s pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of a Business Combination unless the Company provides dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment; (c) not to redeem any shares (including the Founder Shares) and Private Placement Warrants (including underlying securities) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or to sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination if the Company does not seek stockholder approval in connection therewith) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation relating to stockholders rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants (including underlying securities) shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the Sponsor will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. The Company initially had until February 19, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders in an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation) to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of the public shares. On February 13, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Meeting ), during which the stockholders of the Company approved a proposal to extend the Combination Period to August 19, 2023 and allow holders of shares of Class B Common stock to convert such shares at anytime at the election of the holder The Company entered into Voting and Non-Redemption Agreements with certain stockholders of the Company holding an aggregate of shares in exchange for their agreeing not to redeem shares of the Company s common stock at the Meeting (collectively, the Non-Redemption Agreements ). The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the allocation of up to shares of common stock of the Company held by the Sponsor. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 -for-one basis at the election of the holder. In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Proposals, the holders of public shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their redemption) for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million. On February 14, 2023, the Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC, the Company s sponsor Sponsor contributed to the Company for purposes of making a deposit into the Company s trust account of an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock and (or per remaining share) for the benefit of the public shares that were not redeemed by the public shareholders in connection with the Meeting. Following the foregoing contribution, the Sponsor owned shares of Class B common stock. On February 16, 2023 the Sponsor converted the entirety of such shares into shares of Class A common stock, which represent of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. Following these redemptions, including the Class B common stock, the Company had shares of Class A common stock outstanding, and the aggregate amount remaining in the Trust Account at the time was . The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the day of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure its stockholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash outside the Trust Account of available for working capital needs and a working capital deficit of approximately million. All remaining cash held in the Trust Account are generally unavailable for the Company s use, prior to an initial business combination, and is restricted for use either in a Business Combination, pay the Company s tax obligations, or to redeem common stock. Through December 31, 2022, the Company s liquidity needs were satisfied through receipt of from the sale of the founder shares and the remaining net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Units. In addition, on August 25, 2022 and November 25, 2022, the Company withdrew and , respectively from the Trust Account to pay its income tax and Delaware franchise tax obligations. On February 23, 2023, the Company withdrew from the Trust Account to meet its income tax and Delaware franchise tax obligations. As of December 31, 2022, of the amount held in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as described above, and as of December 31, 2021, of the amount in the Trust Account were available to be withdrawn as described above. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 of such loans may be convertible into warrants identical to the Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing if and when needed. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through one year and one day from the date of issuance of these financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution, should the we be unable to complete a business combination, raises substantial doubt about the our ability to continue as a going concern. We have until end of the Combination Period to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate as of the end of the Combination Period. Risks and Uncertainties In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic which continues to spread throughout the United States and the World. As of the date the financial statement was issued, there was considerable uncertainty around the expected duration of this pandemic. The Company has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that COVID-19 could have a negative effect on identifying a target company for a Business Combination, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of this financial statement. In addition, our search for a target company may be impacted by the current hostilities between Russia and Ukraine, inflationary effects, and other similar events and the status of debt and equity markets. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. The Company had of cash as of December 31, 2022 and of cash as of December 31, 2021. interest income from the Trust Account to pay its tax obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the Trust Account held in three-month U.S. Treasury Bills and in cash. The Company classifies its United States Treasury securities as a trading security in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 320 Investments - Debt and Equity Securities. Per ASC 320-10-25 Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term and therefore held for only a short period of time. Trading generally reflects active and frequent buying and selling, and trading securities are generally used with the objective of generating profits on short-term differences in price. However, at acquisition the Company is not precluded from classifying as trading a security it plans to hold for a longer period. Interest income is recognized when earned and included in the interest income line item in the statements of operations. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 . Less: Proceeds allocated to public warrants ) Offering costs allocated to Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption ) Plus: Re-measurement on Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 Remeasurement of Class A Common Stock to redemption value Shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 , consisting of for the underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting compensation fees, and of other offering costs. Offering costs amounted to , of which were charged to temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and were expensed to the statement of operations. unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. The Company may be subject to potential examination by federal and state taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. shares of common stock in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants into shares of common stock is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net income per common share is the same as basic net income per common share for the period presented. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 Net income attributable to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption Denominator: Weighted average redeemable Class A common stock Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted redeemable Class A common stock Basic and diluted net income per share, redeemable Class A common share Non-Redeemable Class B Common Stock Numerator: Net Income attributable to non-redeemable Class B common stock Net income Net Income attributable to non-redeemable Class B common stock Denominator: Weighted average non-redeemable Class B common stock Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted non-redeemable Class B common stock (1) Basic and diluted net income per non-redeemable Class B common share . At December 31, 2022, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its option to purchase an additional Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of the Company s Class A common stock, par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, or in the aggregate. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. shares (the Founder Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of in cash. Subsequently, in August 2021, our Sponsor forfeited an aggregate of shares for no consideration, thereby resulting in remaining Founder Shares, included an aggregate of up to Founder Shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its over-allotment option, Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or similar transaction that results in the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after the Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. In February 2023, our Sponsor contributed founder shares and (or per remaining share) to Company s trust account in connection with the Meeting. Also in February 2023, the Sponsor converted its remaining founder shares to shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to the same restrictions as the founder shares. Also in February 2023, the Company entered into Voting and Non-Redemption Agreements with certain stockholders of the Company holding an aggregate of shares in exchange for their agreeing not to redeem shares of the Company s common stock at the Meeting (collectively, the Non-Redemption Agreements ). The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the allocation of up to shares of common stock of the Company held by the Sponsor. Promissory Note and Advances Related Party On June 21, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of June 21, 2022 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Note was repaid on November 19, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 there were borrowings outstanding. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. At December 31, 2022, Working Capital Loans were outstanding. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans had been extended to the Company. On February 16, 2023, the Sponsor entered into such promissory note in the amount of , of which was extended to the Company. Administrative Support Agreement The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on November 19, 2021 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company has paid an aggregate of and , as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. in Cash and Sweep Funds and in U.S. Treasury Securities. All of the U.S. Treasury Securities matured on February 23, 2023. On February 23, subsequent to the Meeting, the Company purchased units of U.S. Treasury Securities that mature on May 25, 2023, for a total of . The Company classifies its United States Treasury securities as a trading security in accordance with FASB ASC 320 Investments Debt and Equity Securities . The Company classifies its United States Treasury securities as trading securities in accordance with FASB ASC 320 Investments Debt and Equity Securities . The Company considers all investments with original maturities of more than three months but less than one year to be short-term investments. demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriters Agreement The underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 shares of par value preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Class A, par value common stock. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, excluding shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption. Class B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Class B, par value common stock. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 there were Class B common stock issued and outstanding. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). The Company may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete its Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of its Business Combination. On February 16, 2023, the Sponsor elected to convert Class B common stock into Class A common stock, albeit without redemption rights. after the consummation of a Business Combination. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the common shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such common shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A common shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within from the consummation of a Business Combination, the holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Placement Warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant: upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder, 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 In addition, once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption: in whole and not in part; if the closing price of the shares of Class A common stock for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 
 The fair market value of the Class A common stock for the above purpose shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the Class A common stock during the trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the common shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 Unrealized gain ) Federal Net Operating loss Total deferred tax asset Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax asset (liability), net of allowance ) The income tax provision consists of the following: Deferred ) State Current Deferred Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. The Company earned income from the Trust Account to offset its net operating loss from prior quarters. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a valuation allowance. For the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the change in valuation allowance was . A reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate at December 31, 2022 is as follows: State taxes, net of federal tax benefit Net operating loss utilization Change in warrant liability ) ) Warrant issuance costs Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 U.S. Treasury Securities held in Trust Account 

December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: U.S. Money Market held in Trust Account U.S. Treasury Securities held in Trust Account The following table presents information about the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 1 3 Warrants Liability - Private Placement Warrants 3 3 3 Total Warrant Liability The Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within the warrant liability on our balance sheet. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of the warrant liabilities in the statement of operations. Initial Measurement The Company established the initial fair value for the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants on November 19, 2021, the date the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering, using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The Company allocated the proceeds received from (i) the sale of Units (which is inclusive of Class A common stock and one-half of one Public Warrant), (ii) the sale of Private Placement Warrants, and (iii) the issuance of shares of Class B common stock, first to the Warrants based on their fair values as determined at initial measurement, with the remaining proceeds allocated to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, Class A common stock and Class B common stock based on their relative fair values at the initial measurement date. The Warrants were classified as Level 3 at the initial measurement date due to the use of unobservable inputs. The key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model for the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were as follows at initial measurement: Expected term (years) Expected volatility Stock price As of November 19, 2021, the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were determined to be and per warrant, respectively, for aggregate values of approximately million and million, respectively. Subsequent Measurement The Warrants are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The subsequent measurement of the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market and the subsequent measurement of the Private Placement Warrants as December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is classified Level 3 due to the use of unobservable inputs. The key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model for the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were as follows at the Subsequent Measurements: Expected term (years) Expected volatility Stock price As of December 31, 2021, the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were determined to be approximately and per warrant for aggregate values of approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were determined to be and per warrant for aggregate values of approximately million and million, respectively. The following table presents the changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities: 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions ) ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions ) ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 Level 3 financial liabilities consist of the Private Placement Warrant liability for which there is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. Changes in fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are analyzed each period based on changes in estimates or assumptions and recorded as appropriate. public shares of common stock of the Company elected to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million. At the meeting, the Company s the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination was extended for six months, from February 19, 2023 to August 19, 2023. Following the Meeting and subsequent redemptions, the Company had shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption outstanding, and the aggregate amount remaining in the Trust Account at the time was . On February 14, 2023, the Company s Sponsor, Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC, contributed to the Company for purposes of making a deposit into the Company s trust account of an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock for the benefit of the public shares that were not redeemed by the public shareholders in connection with the Meeting. Following the foregoing contribution, the Sponsor owned shares of Class B common stock. On February 16, 2023, the Sponsor converted shares of Class B Common Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock, which represents of the outstanding shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. Working Capital and Related Party Loans On February 16, 2023, the Sponsor entered into a promissory note with us in the amount of , of which was extended to the Company. The promissory note allows for repayment of amounts due under the note either through the conversion into warrants at per warrant or for repayment in cash at the time of the closing of the Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, such loans had been extended to the Company. Purchase of Treasury Securities Subsequent to the Meeting On February 23, subsequent to the Meeting, the Company purchased of U.S. Treasury Securities that mature on May 25, 2023, for a total of . Trust Account Withdrawal On February 23, 2023, the Company withdrew from the Trust Account to meet its income tax and Delaware franchise tax obligations. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 3.2 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 1, 2021). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on November, 2021). 4.2 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on November 10, 2021). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on November 10, 2021). 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated November 17, 2021 between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 4.5 Description of Registered Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 1, 2022). 10.1 Promissory Note dated June 21, 2021, issued to Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 1, 2021). 10.2 Letter Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 10.3 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 10.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, and the other Holders (as defined herein) who may be signatories thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 10.5 Administrative Support Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 10.6 Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021). 10.8 Form of Voting and Non-Redemption Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2023) . 10.9 Promissory Note dated February 16, 2023, issued to Seaport Global SPAC II, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2023). 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document Filed herein Furnished herewith 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

April 3, 2023 Seaport Global Acquisition II Corp. By: /s/ Stephen C. Smith Name: Stephen C. Smith Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Position Date /s/ Stephen C. Smith Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board April 3, 2023 Stephen C. Smith (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jay Burnham Chief Financial Officer and Director April 3, 2023 Jay Burnham (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Shelley Greenhaus Director April 3, 2023 Shelley Greenhaus /s/ Jeremy Hedberg Director April 3, 2023 Jeremy Hedberg /s/ Charles Yamarone Director April 3, 2023 Charles Yamarone 
 50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sgii-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Stephen Smith, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Seaport Global Acquisition II Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and maintaining adequate control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 By: /s/ Stephen Smith Stephen Smith Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sgii-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jay Burnham, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Seaport Global Acquisition II Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and maintaining adequate control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 3, 2023 By: /s/ Jay Burnham Jay Burnham Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sgii-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Seaport Global Acquisition II Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stephen Smith, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
 (2) The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.

April 3, 2023 /s/ Stephen Smith Stephen Smith Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 sgii-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Seaport Global Acquisition II Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jay Burnham, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
 (2) The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.

April 3, 2023 /s/ Jay Burnham Jay Burnham Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sgii-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sgii-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sgii-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sgii-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

